[docs] Add App starters in related-projects.md (#44315)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/discover-more/related-projects/related-projects.md

Do you have a project that you think should be featured here?
Feel free to submit a pull request and the maintainers will work with you to write the description.

> ## Premium tools

Author: Showing paid content first felt backward.

> ## App starters

Author: I guess we can group those under this category.

Reviewer: Alternative titles:

- Third-party scaffolds
- Third-party framework integrations

I think it's important to make it clear that we don't maintain anything on this page.

Author: Fair enough

### Admin frameworks

- [React-admin](https://github.com/marmelab/react-admin): A front-end framework for building data-driven applications running in the browser on top of REST/GraphQL APIs.
- [Refine](https://github.com/refinedev/refine): An open source, headless React meta-framework for the rapid development of web applications.

### Paid starters

- [Divjoy](https://divjoy.com?via=material-ui):
  - Create a Material UI app in minutes.
  - Templates, authentication, database integration, subscription payments, and more.

- [ScaffoldHub](https://v2.scaffoldhub.io/scaffolds/react-material-ui?partner=1):
  - Tool for building web applications.
  - Choose your framework and library (React with Material UI).
  - Choose your database (SQL, MongoDB or Firestore).
  - Model your database and application with the intuitive GUI.
  - Generate your application, including a complete scaffolded backend.
  - Preview your application online and download the generated code.

## Theming tools

- [Material palette generator](https://m2.material.io/inline-tools/color/): The official Material Design 2 palette generator tool.

## Complementary components

> ### Layout

Author: So we can anchor links them in the search. If I search for rich text editor in Algolia, I want to land on the header. Also so this can be shared with teammates, and so we can skim read with the TOC.

### Image

- [mui-image](https://github.com/benmneb/mui-image): The only Material UI image component to satisfy the Material Design 2 guidelines for loading images.

### Chips input

- [mui-chips-input](https://github.com/viclafouch/mui-chips-input): A chips input designed for use with Material UI.

### Phone number input

- [mui-tel-input](https://github.com/viclafouch/mui-tel-input): A phone number input designed for use with Material UI, built with [libphonenumber-js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/libphonenumber-js).

### One-time password input

- [mui-otp-input](https://github.com/viclafouch/mui-otp-input): A one-time password input designed for use with Material UI.

### File input

- [mui-file-input](https://github.com/viclafouch/mui-file-input): A file input designed for use with Material UI.

### Color input

- [mui-color-input](https://github.com/viclafouch/mui-color-input): A color input designed for use with Material UI, built with [TinyColor](https://tinycolor.vercel.app/).

### Rich text editor

- [mui-tiptap](https://github.com/sjdemartini/mui-tiptap): A customizable Material UI-styled WYSIWYG rich text editor, built with [Tiptap](https://tiptap.dev/).

> ### Form

Author: I guess we might want to duplicate the content?

Author: GitHub has a smart way to handle this: https://github.com/github/docs/blob/c20e5a5cb73d4100b635810c927f0c71a7ef30d3/content/desktop/installing-and-authenticating-to-github-desktop/authenticating-to-github-in-github-desktop.md?plain=1#L18. Love it

### File input

- [mui-file-input](https://github.com/viclafouch/mui-file-input): A file input designed for use with Material UI.

### Color input

- [mui-color-input](https://github.com/viclafouch/mui-color-input): A color input designed for use with Material UI, built with [TinyColor](https://tinycolor.vercel.app/).

### Rich text editor

- [mui-tiptap](https://github.com/sjdemartini/mui-tiptap): A customizable Material UI-styled WYSIWYG rich text editor, built with [Tiptap](https://tiptap.dev/).

### Form

<!-- To sync with text-fields.md -->

- [react-hook-form-mui](https://github.com/dohomi/react-hook-form-mui): Material UI and [react-hook-form](https://react-hook-form.com/) combined.
- [formik-material-ui](https://github.com/stackworx/formik-mui): Bindings for using Material UI with [formik](https://formik.org/).
- [mui-rff](https://github.com/lookfirst/mui-rff): Bindings for using Material UI with [React Final Form](https://final-form.org/react).
- [@ui-schema/ds-material](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ui-schema/ds-material) Bindings for using Material UI with [UI Schema](https://github.com/ui-schema/ui-schema). JSON Schema compatible.

### Notification

> - [notistack](https://github.com/iamhosseindhv/notistack): Makes it easy to display snackbars (so you don't have to deal with open/close state of them).

Reviewer: Nitpick: here's how I'd phrase this

```suggestion
- [notistack](https://github.com/iamhosseindhv/notistack): Display multiple snackbars that can be stacked and queued—this tool makes it simpler to handle the open and close states.
```
